tasks/📦 backlog/add-performance-optimization.md, before:

---
id: add-performance-optimization
title: Add Performance Optimization and Scalability Features
description: 'Implement performance optimizations, caching strategies, and scalability
  enhancements to handle large task sets efficiently and demonstrate system design
  skills.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.836795+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:06:08.221391'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- create-comprehensive-test-suite
notes: 'Performance optimization demonstrates advanced system design skills and consideration
  for real-world usage scenarios.

  '
estimated_hours: 5.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- performance
- optimization
- scalability
- caching
- portfolio-enhancement
---

## Description

Implement performance optimizations, caching strategies, and scalability enhancements to handle large task sets efficiently and demonstrate system design skills.


## Notes

Performance optimization demonstrates advanced system design skills and consideration for real-world usage scenarios.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/📦 backlog/add-performance-optimization.md, after:

---
id: add-performance-optimization
title: Add Performance Optimization and Scalability Features
description: 'Implement performance optimizations, caching strategies, and scalability
  enhancements to handle large task sets efficiently and demonstrate system design
  skills.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: pending
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.836795+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T08:31:08.513669'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- create-comprehensive-test-suite
notes: 'Performance optimization demonstrates advanced system design skills and consideration
  for real-world usage scenarios.



  [2025-07-24T07:34:43.923570] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency create-comprehensive-test-suite completed


  [2025-07-24T08:31:08.513667] Status changed from blocked to pending: Auto-transitioned:
  dependencies satisfied, moved to PENDING'
estimated_hours: 5.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- performance
- optimization
- scalability
- caching
- portfolio-enhancement
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-24T07:34:43.923573+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T22:31:08.512043+00:00'
  pending: '2025-07-23T22:31:08.513662+00:00'
---

## Description

Implement performance optimizations, caching strategies, and scalability enhancements to handle large task sets efficiently and demonstrate system design skills.


## Notes

Performance optimization demonstrates advanced system design skills and consideration for real-world usage scenarios.


[2025-07-24T07:34:43.923570] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency create-comprehensive-test-suite completed

[2025-07-24T08:31:08.513667] Status changed from blocked to pending: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied, moved to PENDING
