tasks/📦 backlog/clickable-task-action-links.md, before:

---
id: clickable-task-action-links
title: Add Clickable Action Links to CLI Task List
description: 'Enhance the CLI''s task listing to include clickable links that, when
  activated,

  execute predefined actions for each task (e.g., ''start'', ''complete'', ''add note'').

  This will streamline task management directly from the terminal output.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.853792+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:06:08.227759'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- enhance-cli-user-experience
notes: 'This feature should consider how to represent different actions (e.g., icons,
  short text)

  and how to generate the corresponding shell commands for execution. It might leverage

  terminal capabilities for clickable text.

  '
estimated_hours: 2.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- cli
- ux
- automation
- quality-of-life
---

## Description

Enhance the CLI's task listing to include clickable links that, when activated,
execute predefined actions for each task (e.g., 'start', 'complete', 'add note').
This will streamline task management directly from the terminal output.


## Notes

This feature should consider how to represent different actions (e.g., icons, short text)
and how to generate the corresponding shell commands for execution. It might leverage
terminal capabilities for clickable text.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/📦 backlog/clickable-task-action-links.md, after:

---
id: clickable-task-action-links
title: Add Clickable Action Links to CLI Task List
description: 'Enhance the CLI''s task listing to include clickable links that, when
  activated,

  execute predefined actions for each task (e.g., ''start'', ''complete'', ''add note'').

  This will streamline task management directly from the terminal output.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: pending
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.853792+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T08:32:01.507089'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- enhance-cli-user-experience
notes: 'This feature should consider how to represent different actions (e.g., icons,
  short text)

  and how to generate the corresponding shell commands for execution. It might leverage

  terminal capabilities for clickable text.



  [2025-07-24T07:35:05.914446] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency enhance-cli-user-experience completed


  [2025-07-24T08:32:01.507087] Status changed from blocked to pending: Auto-transitioned:
  dependencies satisfied, moved to PENDING'
estimated_hours: 2.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- cli
- ux
- automation
- quality-of-life
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-24T07:35:05.914448+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T22:32:01.505377+00:00'
  pending: '2025-07-23T22:32:01.507086+00:00'
---

## Description

Enhance the CLI's task listing to include clickable links that, when activated,
execute predefined actions for each task (e.g., 'start', 'complete', 'add note').
This will streamline task management directly from the terminal output.


## Notes

This feature should consider how to represent different actions (e.g., icons, short text)
and how to generate the corresponding shell commands for execution. It might leverage
terminal capabilities for clickable text.


[2025-07-24T07:35:05.914446] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency enhance-cli-user-experience completed

[2025-07-24T08:32:01.507087] Status changed from blocked to pending: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied, moved to PENDING
