tasks/📦 backlog/create-integration-examples.md, before:

---
id: create-integration-examples
title: Create Integration Examples and API Bindings
description: 'Develop comprehensive integration examples showing how to embed the
  task management system into various frameworks and create API bindings for different
  use cases.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.832293+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:06:08.220622'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- add-code-quality-tools
notes: 'Integration examples demonstrate versatility and real-world applicability,
  key for portfolio impact.

  '
estimated_hours: 4.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- integrations
- api-bindings
- examples
- portfolio-enhancement
- frameworks
---

## Description

Develop comprehensive integration examples showing how to embed the task management system into various frameworks and create API bindings for different use cases.


## Notes

Integration examples demonstrate versatility and real-world applicability, key for portfolio impact.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/📦 backlog/create-integration-examples.md, after:

---
id: create-integration-examples
title: Create Integration Examples and API Bindings
description: 'Develop comprehensive integration examples showing how to embed the
  task management system into various frameworks and create API bindings for different
  use cases.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: pending
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.832293+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T08:30:40.526820'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- add-code-quality-tools
notes: 'Integration examples demonstrate versatility and real-world applicability,
  key for portfolio impact.



  [2025-07-24T07:34:49.420734] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency add-code-quality-tools completed


  [2025-07-24T07:47:02.241356] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned:
  dependencies satisfied


  [2025-07-24T08:30:40.526818] Status changed from blocked to pending: Auto-transitioned:
  dependencies satisfied, moved to PENDING'
estimated_hours: 4.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- integrations
- api-bindings
- examples
- portfolio-enhancement
- frameworks
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-23T21:47:02.241355+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T22:30:40.525320+00:00'
  pending: '2025-07-23T22:30:40.526816+00:00'
---

## Description

Develop comprehensive integration examples showing how to embed the task management system into various frameworks and create API bindings for different use cases.


## Notes

Integration examples demonstrate versatility and real-world applicability, key for portfolio impact.


[2025-07-24T07:34:49.420734] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency add-code-quality-tools completed

[2025-07-24T07:47:02.241356] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied

[2025-07-24T08:30:40.526818] Status changed from blocked to pending: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied, moved to PENDING
