tasks/🚫 blocked/add-packaging-distribution.md, before:

---
id: add-packaging-distribution
title: Add Professional Packaging and Distribution Setup
description: 'Create professional Python packaging configuration with setup.py/pyproject.toml,
  version management, and PyPI distribution readiness to demonstrate package management
  expertise.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.844137+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:10:34.112167'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- add-code-quality-tools
notes: 'Important for demonstrating professional Python packaging skills and making
  the project easily installable.

  '
estimated_hours: 3.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- packaging
- distribution
- pypi
- version-management
- portfolio-enhancement
---

## Description

Create professional Python packaging configuration with setup.py/pyproject.toml, version management, and PyPI distribution readiness to demonstrate package management expertise.


## Notes

Important for demonstrating professional Python packaging skills and making the project easily installable.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/🚫 blocked/add-packaging-distribution.md, after:

---
id: add-packaging-distribution
title: Add Professional Packaging and Distribution Setup
description: 'Create professional Python packaging configuration with setup.py/pyproject.toml,
  version management, and PyPI distribution readiness to demonstrate package management
  expertise.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.844137+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T08:31:35.313235'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- add-code-quality-tools
notes: 'Important for demonstrating professional Python packaging skills and making
  the project easily installable.



  [2025-07-24T07:34:49.421717] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency add-code-quality-tools completed'
estimated_hours: 3.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- packaging
- distribution
- pypi
- version-management
- portfolio-enhancement
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-24T07:34:49.421720+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T22:31:35.313233+00:00'
---

## Description

Create professional Python packaging configuration with setup.py/pyproject.toml, version management, and PyPI distribution readiness to demonstrate package management expertise.


## Notes

Important for demonstrating professional Python packaging skills and making the project easily installable.


[2025-07-24T07:34:49.421717] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency add-code-quality-tools completed
