tasks/🚫 blocked/implement-automated-review-task.md, before:

---
id: implement-automated-review-task
title: Implement Automated Review Task Creation
description: 'Develop a mechanism to automatically create review tasks within the
  task management

  system based on external triggers (e.g., GitHub webhooks for PRs). These tasks

  will be assigned to appropriate agents for automated or human review.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: high
created_at: '2025-07-23T20:10:34.084931+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:10:34.117923'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- implement-api-task-triggering
- integrate-claude-code-base-action
notes: 'This task will involve setting up GitHub webhooks or similar mechanisms to
  listen

  for events, and then using the task management API to create and manage review tasks.

  Consider how to pass relevant context (PR URL, commit SHA) to the review agent.

  '
estimated_hours: 4.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- automation
- code-review
- github-actions
- agent-integration
---

## Description

Develop a mechanism to automatically create review tasks within the task management
system based on external triggers (e.g., GitHub webhooks for PRs). These tasks
will be assigned to appropriate agents for automated or human review.


## Notes

This task will involve setting up GitHub webhooks or similar mechanisms to listen
for events, and then using the task management API to create and manage review tasks.
Consider how to pass relevant context (PR URL, commit SHA) to the review agent.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/🚫 blocked/implement-automated-review-task.md, after:

---
id: implement-automated-review-task
title: Implement Automated Review Task Creation
description: 'Develop a mechanism to automatically create review tasks within the
  task management

  system based on external triggers (e.g., GitHub webhooks for PRs). These tasks

  will be assigned to appropriate agents for automated or human review.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: high
created_at: '2025-07-23T20:10:34.084931+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T07:50:34.999676'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- implement-api-task-triggering
- integrate-claude-code-base-action
notes: 'This task will involve setting up GitHub webhooks or similar mechanisms to
  listen

  for events, and then using the task management API to create and manage review tasks.

  Consider how to pass relevant context (PR URL, commit SHA) to the review agent.



  [2025-07-24T07:34:33.993654] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency integrate-claude-code-base-action completed'
estimated_hours: 4.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- automation
- code-review
- github-actions
- agent-integration
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-24T07:34:33.993657+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T21:50:34.999674+00:00'
---

## Description

Develop a mechanism to automatically create review tasks within the task management
system based on external triggers (e.g., GitHub webhooks for PRs). These tasks
will be assigned to appropriate agents for automated or human review.


## Notes

This task will involve setting up GitHub webhooks or similar mechanisms to listen
for events, and then using the task management API to create and manage review tasks.
Consider how to pass relevant context (PR URL, commit SHA) to the review agent.


[2025-07-24T07:34:33.993654] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency integrate-claude-code-base-action completed
