tasks/🚫 blocked/implement-agent-capabilities-dictionary.md, before:

---
id: implement-agent-capabilities-dictionary
title: Implement Configurable Agent Capabilities Dictionary
description: 'Develop a configurable dictionary or mapping of agent capabilities to
  keywords

  or task types. This will allow the validation system to more accurately assess

  if a task''s content matches the assigned agent''s capabilities, reducing

  ''agent: Task content may not match agent capabilities'' info messages.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T20:10:34.064921+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:10:34.107381'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- standardize-agent-naming-strategy
notes: 'This dictionary should be easily updatable without code changes (e.g., a YAML
  file).

  It will serve as a central source of truth for agent specializations.

  '
estimated_hours: 2.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- agent-management
- configuration
- validation
- data-quality
---

## Description

Develop a configurable dictionary or mapping of agent capabilities to keywords
or task types. This will allow the validation system to more accurately assess
if a task's content matches the assigned agent's capabilities, reducing
'agent: Task content may not match agent capabilities' info messages.


## Notes

This dictionary should be easily updatable without code changes (e.g., a YAML file).
It will serve as a central source of truth for agent specializations.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/🚫 blocked/implement-agent-capabilities-dictionary.md, after:

---
id: implement-agent-capabilities-dictionary
title: Implement Configurable Agent Capabilities Dictionary
description: 'Develop a configurable dictionary or mapping of agent capabilities to
  keywords

  or task types. This will allow the validation system to more accurately assess

  if a task''s content matches the assigned agent''s capabilities, reducing

  ''agent: Task content may not match agent capabilities'' info messages.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T20:10:34.064921+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T08:30:11.454147'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- standardize-agent-naming-strategy
notes: 'This dictionary should be easily updatable without code changes (e.g., a YAML
  file).

  It will serve as a central source of truth for agent specializations.



  [2025-07-24T07:34:55.672997] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency standardize-agent-naming-strategy completed


  [2025-07-24T07:46:43.884717] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned:
  dependencies satisfied


  [2025-07-24T07:47:41.947250] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned:
  dependencies satisfied'
estimated_hours: 2.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- agent-management
- configuration
- validation
- data-quality
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-23T21:47:41.947248+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T22:30:11.454145+00:00'
---

## Description

Develop a configurable dictionary or mapping of agent capabilities to keywords
or task types. This will allow the validation system to more accurately assess
if a task's content matches the assigned agent's capabilities, reducing
'agent: Task content may not match agent capabilities' info messages.


## Notes

This dictionary should be easily updatable without code changes (e.g., a YAML file).
It will serve as a central source of truth for agent specializations.


[2025-07-24T07:34:55.672997] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency standardize-agent-naming-strategy completed

[2025-07-24T07:46:43.884717] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied

[2025-07-24T07:47:41.947250] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied
