tasks/🚫 blocked/render-task-ids-as-clickable-links.md, before:

---
id: render-task-ids-as-clickable-links
title: Render Task IDs as Clickable Links in CLI Output
description: 'Modify the CLI to render task IDs as clickable links, allowing users
  to easily

  open the corresponding task Markdown files in their IDEs directly from the terminal.

  This will significantly improve the user experience for navigating and editing tasks.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.849991+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T06:10:34.114923'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- enhance-cli-user-experience
notes: 'The links should ideally be configurable to support different IDEs (e.g.,
  VS Code, IntelliJ)

  and operating systems. A good default might be a `file://` URL or a custom scheme
  like `vscode://`.

  '
estimated_hours: 1.5
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- cli
- ux
- quality-of-life
- ide-integration
---

## Description

Modify the CLI to render task IDs as clickable links, allowing users to easily
open the corresponding task Markdown files in their IDEs directly from the terminal.
This will significantly improve the user experience for navigating and editing tasks.


## Notes

The links should ideally be configurable to support different IDEs (e.g., VS Code, IntelliJ)
and operating systems. A good default might be a `file://` URL or a custom scheme like `vscode://`.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/🚫 blocked/render-task-ids-as-clickable-links.md, after:

---
id: render-task-ids-as-clickable-links
title: Render Task IDs as Clickable Links in CLI Output
description: 'Modify the CLI to render task IDs as clickable links, allowing users
  to easily

  open the corresponding task Markdown files in their IDEs directly from the terminal.

  This will significantly improve the user experience for navigating and editing tasks.

  '
agent: CODEFORGE
status: blocked
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.849991+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T08:31:48.610339'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- enhance-cli-user-experience
notes: 'The links should ideally be configurable to support different IDEs (e.g.,
  VS Code, IntelliJ)

  and operating systems. A good default might be a `file://` URL or a custom scheme
  like `vscode://`.



  [2025-07-24T07:35:05.913408] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency enhance-cli-user-experience completed'
estimated_hours: 1.5
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- cli
- ux
- quality-of-life
- ide-integration
status_timestamps:
  todo: '2025-07-24T07:35:05.913410+00:00'
  blocked: '2025-07-23T22:31:48.610337+00:00'
---

## Description

Modify the CLI to render task IDs as clickable links, allowing users to easily
open the corresponding task Markdown files in their IDEs directly from the terminal.
This will significantly improve the user experience for navigating and editing tasks.


## Notes

The links should ideally be configurable to support different IDEs (e.g., VS Code, IntelliJ)
and operating systems. A good default might be a `file://` URL or a custom scheme like `vscode://`.


[2025-07-24T07:35:05.913408] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency enhance-cli-user-experience completed
