tasks/📋 todo/enhance-documentation.md, before:

---
id: enhance-documentation
title: Enhance Documentation for Portfolio Showcase
description: 'Create comprehensive, professional documentation including API docs,
  tutorials, examples, and architectural diagrams to demonstrate technical communication
  skills.

  '
agent: DOCUMENTER
status: todo
priority: high
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.828362+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T05:37:33.293788'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- create-comprehensive-test-suite
notes: 'High-quality documentation is crucial for portfolio projects to demonstrate
  communication skills and project professionalism.

  '
estimated_hours: 6.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- documentation
- portfolio-enhancement
- technical-writing
- api-docs
---

## Description

Create comprehensive, professional documentation including API docs, tutorials, examples, and architectural diagrams to demonstrate technical communication skills.


## Notes

High-quality documentation is crucial for portfolio projects to demonstrate communication skills and project professionalism.

Commit message:

feat: Implement configurable validation and enhance CLI
- Implement configurable validation limits for tags, agents, and other fields.
- Add a new  command to the CLI for generic task field updates.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to promote the priority of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to assign due dates to critical tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to generate a changelog from completed tasks.
- Add a new  command to the CLI to update the status of blocking tasks.
- Add a new  status and emoji to the task management system.
- Add a new  flag to the  command to display blocking tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for TL;DR generation.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for epic and phase management.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for a reporting system.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for triggering code reviews.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for creating review tasks.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for nested status grouping.
- Add a new  module with a placeholder for text deconstruction.
- Add a new  to demonstrate basic CLI usage.
- Add a new  with basic tests for TaskManager.
- Add a new  for CI/CD.
- Update  with lessons learned from file modification struggles.

tasks/📋 todo/enhance-documentation.md, after:

---
id: enhance-documentation
title: Enhance Documentation for Portfolio Showcase
description: 'Create comprehensive, professional documentation including API docs,
  tutorials, examples, and architectural diagrams to demonstrate technical communication
  skills.

  '
agent: DOCUMENTER
status: todo
priority: high
created_at: '2025-07-23T04:14:55.828362+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T07:34:43.922106'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- fix-import-dependencies
- create-comprehensive-test-suite
notes: 'High-quality documentation is crucial for portfolio projects to demonstrate
  communication skills and project professionalism.



  [2025-07-24T07:34:43.922104] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically
  moved to TODO - dependency create-comprehensive-test-suite completed'
estimated_hours: 6.0
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- documentation
- portfolio-enhancement
- technical-writing
- api-docs
---

## Description

Create comprehensive, professional documentation including API docs, tutorials, examples, and architectural diagrams to demonstrate technical communication skills.


## Notes

High-quality documentation is crucial for portfolio projects to demonstrate communication skills and project professionalism.


[2025-07-24T07:34:43.922104] Status changed from blocked to todo: Automatically moved to TODO - dependency create-comprehensive-test-suite completed
