tasks/📋 todo/quick-documentation-updates.md, before:

---
id: quick-documentation-updates
title: Quick Documentation Updates for New Features
description: 'Update the project''s README.md and other relevant documentation files
  to reflect

  the newly implemented logging features and any other significant changes.

  This ensures users are aware of new functionalities and how to use them.

  '
agent: DOCUMENTER
status: todo
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T19:37:33.274464+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T05:50:09.905915'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- implement-persistent-disk-logging
notes: "Focus on high-level changes and usage instructions. Detailed technical documentation\n\
  can be part of a separate, larger documentation task.\n[Manual Block] Validation\
  \ system identified unresolved dependencies that auto-fix missed. \n\n[2025-07-24T05:50:09.905913]\
  \ Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied"
estimated_hours: 0.5
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- documentation
- maintenance
- ux
---

## Description

Update the project's README.md and other relevant documentation files to reflect
the newly implemented logging features and any other significant changes.
This ensures users are aware of new functionalities and how to use them.


## Notes

Focus on high-level changes and usage instructions. Detailed technical documentation
can be part of a separate, larger documentation task.
[Manual Block] Validation system identified unresolved dependencies that auto-fix missed. 

[2025-07-24T05:50:09.905913] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied

Commit message:

docs: Update README.md with new features and roadmap
- Updated Key Features section to include linting tools.
- Added Linting section to Quick Start instructions.
- Included MANAGER agent type.
- Added Reward System & Leaderboard to Advanced Automation.
- Removed completed tasks from Roadmap.

tasks/📋 todo/quick-documentation-updates.md, after:

---
id: quick-documentation-updates
title: Quick Documentation Updates for New Features
description: 'Update the project''s README.md and other relevant documentation files
  to reflect

  the newly implemented logging features and any other significant changes.

  This ensures users are aware of new functionalities and how to use them.

  '
agent: DOCUMENTER
status: todo
priority: medium
created_at: '2025-07-23T19:37:33.274464+00:00'
updated_at: '2025-07-24T10:44:24.889617'
due_date: null
dependencies:
- implement-persistent-disk-logging
notes: "Focus on high-level changes and usage instructions. Detailed technical documentation\n\
  can be part of a separate, larger documentation task.\n[Manual Block] Validation\
  \ system identified unresolved dependencies that auto-fix missed. \n\n[2025-07-24T05:50:09.905913]\
  \ Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied\n\
  \n[2025-07-24T10:44:24.889614] Starting work on quick-documentation-updates. Will\
  \ update README.md to reflect new features and changes."
estimated_hours: 0.5
actual_hours: null
assignee: null
tags:
- documentation
- maintenance
- ux
status_timestamps: {}
---

## Description

Update the project's README.md and other relevant documentation files to reflect
the newly implemented logging features and any other significant changes.
This ensures users are aware of new functionalities and how to use them.


## Notes

Focus on high-level changes and usage instructions. Detailed technical documentation
can be part of a separate, larger documentation task.
[Manual Block] Validation system identified unresolved dependencies that auto-fix missed. 

[2025-07-24T05:50:09.905913] Status changed from blocked to todo: Auto-transitioned: dependencies satisfied

[2025-07-24T10:44:24.889614] Starting work on quick-documentation-updates. Will update README.md to reflect new features and changes.
